Update doc regarding async relationships (#1817)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/models/relationships.md

}
```

### Accessing relationship

> When accessing ember-data relationship in your app, you can either ask for accessing the relation asynchronously or synchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When accessing ember-data relationships in your app, you can either ask for the related record asynchronously or synchronously.
```

> It's possible to configure it through the `{ async: boolean }` property.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention the default value?

```suggestion
It's possible to configure it through the `{ async: boolean }` property. The default value is `true`.
```

> It's possible to configure it through the `{ async: boolean }` property. The default value is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to configure it through the ` async` option. The default value is `true`.
```

```javascript {data-filename=app/models/organization.js}
import Model, { hasMany } from '@ember-data/model';

export default class OrganizationModel extends Model {
  @hasMany('membership', { async: false }) memberships;
}
```

Thus, later in your app, you will be able to access the relationship like so:

```javascript
let memberships = organization.get('memberships');
```

> For more information about async relationships, you can [check out the official documentation.](https://api.emberjs.com/ember-data/release/functions/@ember-data%2Fmodel/hasMany)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, you can [check out the official documentation on async relationships.](https://api.emberjs.com/ember-data/release/functions/@ember-data%2Fmodel/hasMany)
```

For accessibility reasons, it is helpful to make the link itself more descriptive.
